Lin Xi
Why don't you turn on the lights?
Is my wife taking Nini out to play today?
She's so happy
You see she's tired
Nini come here
Did you sleep well with your mother today?
Wife
You are not well yet
Tonight?
Nini, don't sleep with you
Sleep with Xiao Nian, okay?
Give me back Nini
You give Nini back to me, I'm her mother
Why are you so angry?
No one said you weren't Nini's mother
Isn't this worried about your poor health?
I'm not well.
So let a nanny take my place
Don't be angry wife
That's not what it means.
No one is taking your place
It seems that I have been sick for too long
Always talked about by you
Sir?
During this time
Don't provoke him
If something happened to him
I take you as me
Hey
Chu Lihua
You forced me